feat: internalChecksFilter (#9796)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Alternatively, if you need to just _exclude_ certain paths in the repository then consider `ignorePaths` instead.
If you are more interested in including only certain package managers (e.g. `npm`), then consider `enabledManagers` instead.

## internalChecksFilter

> This setting controls whether Renovate controls when and how filtering of internal checks are performed, particularly when multiple versions of the same update type are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting determines whether Renovate controls when and how filtering of internal checks are performed, particularly when multiple versions of the same update type are available.
```

I don't like that we use the word "controls" twice in the same sentence. I don't know if a word like "determines" is better?

> Currently this applies to the stabilityDays check only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently this applies to the `stabilityDays` check only.
```

- `none`: No filtering will be performed, and the highest release will be used regardless of whether it's pending or not

> - `strict`: All pending releases will be filtered if they are pending. PRs will be skipped unless a non-pending version is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `strict`: All pending releases will be filtered if they are pending. PRs will be skipped unless a non-pending version is available
```

> - `strict`: All pending releases will be filtered if they are pending. PRs will be skipped unless a non-pending version is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `strict`: All pending releases will be filtered. PRs will be skipped unless a non-pending version is available
```

I think "all pending releases will be filtered" doesn't need the "if they are pending" qualifier?

> - `flexible`: Similar to strict, but in the case where all versions are pending then a PR will be created with the highest pending version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `flexible`: Similar to strict, but in the case where all versions are pending then a PR will be created with the highest pending version
```

> The `flexible` mode can reduce in "flapping" of Pull Requests, where e.g. a pending PR with version `1.0.3` is first released but then downgraded to `1.0.2` once it passes `stabilityDays`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flexible` mode can result in "flapping" of Pull Requests, where e.g. a pending PR with version `1.0.3` is first released but then downgraded to `1.0.2` once it passes `stabilityDays`.
```

I think you meant `result` instead of `reduce`. 😉

> It is recommended that you use `strict` combined with `dependencyDashboard` so that you have visibility into suppressed PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use the `strict` mode, and enable the `dependencyDashboard` so that you have visibility into suppressed PRs.
```

Alternatively, if you need to just _exclude_ certain paths in the repository then consider `ignorePaths` instead.
If you are more interested in including only certain package managers (e.g. `npm`), then consider `enabledManagers` instead.

## internalChecksFilter

This setting determines whether Renovate controls when and how filtering of internal checks are performed, particularly when multiple versions of the same update type are available.
Currently this applies to the `stabilityDays` check only.

- `none`: No filtering will be performed, and the highest release will be used regardless of whether it's pending or not
- `strict`: All pending releases will be filtered. PRs will be skipped unless a non-pending version is available
- `flexible`: Similar to strict, but in the case where all versions are pending then a PR will be created with the highest pending version

The `flexible` mode can result in "flapping" of Pull Requests, where e.g. a pending PR with version `1.0.3` is first released but then downgraded to `1.0.2` once it passes `stabilityDays`.

> We recommend that you use the `strict` mode, and enable the `dependencyDashboard` so that you have visibility into suppressed PRs.

Reviewer: Do we need to mention what the default setting is for `internalChecksFilter`?

It's not clear from reading the current docs what the default behavior is if you only turn on `stabilityDays` and do not set `internalChecksFilter` explicitly yourself.

Reviewer 2: I think the docs generator will add the defaults from the `definitions.ts`
